SOURCE_URL: https://atobtransfer.com/israel/haifa-airport-taxi/
--------------------------------------------------
Haifa Airport Taxi Transfers | Online Booking
Haifa Airport Taxi Transfers
A personalized ride, with
comfort, safety and reliability.
24/7 Help Center
Best Price Guarantee
Quality- reliability
Book a Transfer
From A-to-B
Hourly ride
12:00
Return Trip
12:00
Next Step
AtoB Haifa Airport Transfer
One of Israel’s most distinctive transportation options is provided by AtoB. A personalized airport taxi service with a range of different vehicle models and comfort levels. All of the drivers we work with have passed our certification process, making them all capable of upholding our exacting standards for excellent service. When making a reservation with AtoB, you are making a reservation for more than just a routine Haifa airport transfer; you are making a reservation for an experience, without the exorbitant price tag that is typically attached to such arrangements.
Looking for a Top-Rated Taxi to Haifa Airport?
We always offer a reasonably priced, high-quality Haifa airport taxi ride. You get what you pay for with AtoB, a special transportation service that can meet all of your requirements. Our constant desire to go above and beyond for our customers is shown in the innumerable positive testimonials we have received during our nearly ten years of offering the same high-quality transfers.
Airport Contact Details
Airport Code:
HFA / LLHA
Name:
Haifa International Airport
Address:
Yulius Simon St, Haifa, Israel
Phone:
+972-3-975-8303
Website:
https://www.iaa.gov.il/airports/haifa-airport/
Fot. Oyoyoy (CC BY-SA 4.0 DEED)
Why Book with AtoB Transfer
Meet-and-Greet
Complimentary service, including  a personalised namesign.
Flight Tracking
Flight Tracking for Each Transfer.
Easy Booking
Reserve a ride in advance or last minute in just a few clicks.
Reliable Chauffeurs
Trained drivers in any destination you choose.
Fixed Prices
Our prices are all-inclusive and fixed. That means you know what you paying for.
Flexible Cancellation
English speaking help center are available around the clock
Price of Haifa Airport Transfers
We painstakingly searched the local market in order to find the most affordable pricing, then we reduced them even further! You’ve found the ideal site if you’re seeking for an affordable and comfortable Haifa airport transfer!
For just €79, our budget sedan vehicles may transport travelers who are traveling with a total of 4 persons and need a speedy and economical method to get to the city center.
Larger parties can select our economy van option for €124 if they are traveling with six passengers, for example. When you factor in the cost per person, our van rides really stand out. You will undoubtedly appreciate the privacy and comfort that come with a private airport taxi if you believe that the cost of a public transportation ticket is around the same.
Cost of AtoB’s Haifa Airport Taxi Service
From:
Haifa
International Airport
To:
Haifa
City centre
66 kilometers
41 minutes
Vehicle Class
People
Luggage
Price
Economy
4
3
€74.00
Business
3
2
€123.00
First Class
3
2
€275.00
Economy Van
7
6
€119.00
Business Van
7
6
€141.00
Economy Van+
8
7
€129.00
AtoB’s Taxi from Haifa Airport Fleet
As previously noted, we provide economical travel in sedan and van configurations. For our Haifa airport taxi service, we additionally provide business and luxury in the sedan category and business and economy+ in the van specification.
For small parties, lone travelers, and couples visiting the city and needing a classy method of transportation, our sedan alternatives are the best choice. The more you move up the table, the more elegance you can anticipate, depending on the specification you select. The best alternative for VIP travel is our first-class luxury option, which will be covered in more detail in the paragraph that follows. This is the car for you if you’re looking for the best in contemporary transportation.
The vans we provide also come in a variety of comfort configurations, so you can always select the right car for your unique travel requirements and tastes.
Booking a Haifa Airport Taxi
Booking your Haifa airport transfer is about as easy as taking the actual ride. You may book the ultimate ride with only a few clicks, then you can relax while you wait to go on it. Go to our booking platform and enter your arrival time and date, then the location you want your driver to take you. Remember that they provide door-to-door service, so you can enter a precise address in the city and your driver will take you there immediately.
After entering the necessary data, go to the next page to obtain a detailed list of all automobiles that are available. Choose the one that suits you the most, then proceed to customize it by adding any extras you might require.
When you’re satisfied with your ride, scroll down and complete the booking. All credit/debit cards are accepted, along with a multitude of electronic payment options. Thanks to Revolut’s cutting-edge payment portal, your transactions are completely safe.
When your reservation is complete, you will receive an email confirmation with your basic travel schedule and an invoice. You’ll get a follow-up email with your driver’s contact information as the day of your transfer approaches; be sure to contact them so they can let you know where to meet them at the airport.
And just like that, you have successfully booked a Haifa airport taxi with AtoB! Happy Travels!
How to book your transfer
Booking your transfers with AtoB is simple. In just a few clicks, you ensure safe and reliable transportation, anywhere.
Book your Transfer
Get Confirmation
Receive Driver's Info
Sit and Enjoy the Ride!
Meet your Driver  at the Airport
Enjoy your Flight 😊
Chauffeur-Driven Haifa Airport Transfer
We provide an extra choice for individuals traveling on business or who want a qualified chauffeur to handle their transportation in addition to our regular Haifa airport transfer service. You can book a professional chauffeur through our “Hourly” option to drive you around the city for meetings or even a sightseeing tour.
We firmly believe that travel should be completely customizable to match your individual requirements, and with our chauffeur service, we do just that. A chauffeur at your beck and call, prepared to handle any issue that arises along the journey; who can assist you with your luggage; is completely capable and willing to help you make bookings; and who can recommend locations for you to visit while you’re there.
Give AtoB the chance to take care of all of your Haifa airport taxi needs for the finest experience in luxurious convenience.
👶🍼
Travelling with Little ones?
Seat-
9-18 kg of weight
Booster-
15-36 kg of weight
Infant seat-
up to 9 kg of weight
Our 6 years of achievements
Over 6000 + travellers ❤️ us!
(4.3)
(4.5)
(4.7)
(4.4)
What Other Travellers Say About Us
Don’t just take our word for it!
In our six+ years of operation, we have been able to successfully provide quality transfers to countless travellers around the globe.
George Sandu
19 September 2024
10/10 • Easy and affordable transit option. I was visiting Brussels with 6 friends and we needed cheap and reliable transport from Charleroi Airport to our Brussels accomodations and AtoB was just perfect. The driver arrived on time, and safely took us to the Hotel in Brussels and back to the Airport when the trip was over.
Read More
NorthStar10836698363
13 September 2024
Airport & mastic villages transfers. • Top all round service can't be faulted. Used serval times and had no issues. George is a great driver - on time always & gives a bit of local history if asked.
Read More
Stephen G
11 September 2024
Amazing stress free pick up from BTS Airport Bratislava • Boris our Driver waiting at arrivals with car… Driver waiting at arrivals with car parked outside the front door, car was spotless and amazingly comfortable, great driver and service
Read More
DMC999
10 September 2024
Prompt and reliable • Booked online before leaving the UK. Communication throughout was excellent. Had an email prior to arrival stating the named driver and number plate. We flew in to Charleroi airport and our driver rang us before we were through passport control to let us know he was there. Likewise on the return journey, we received an email stating the drivers name and number plate. Our return driver contacted us to let us know he had arrived and was outside. I would absolutely recommend AtoB and wouldn’t hesitate to use them again on a return to Brussels. Fantastic service and a more reasonable price than other companies.
Read More
Malcolm A
23 August 2024
Friendly service • Excellent service, were there at 1 am despite flight being late. They contacted me as soon as we landed so we new that they we waiting. Would recommend them.
Read More
Steve B
2 August 2024
Excellent service - private transfer • Excellent service . Had to change drivers but the new driver texted and made me aware when he was going to be at Cologne airport. The same driver picked me up and was dead on time and got me back to the airport within 30mins. Thank you to Ceylan!
Read More
666Rocky
29 July 2024
Great service • Found booking to be easy and when I had to tweak one of the transfer times (after booking) via the live chat this was easy & simple and staff really helpful. Both drivers were courteous and on time and Leonid (from airport) even kept up to date with us via what's app. Excellent and definitely recommend
Read More
Minko Y
25 June 2024
Easy to book, fear price and good drivers. • We use A to B last 3 years in Turkey and evry single time we are happy with hims service. I want to explain why I give this high rating to our driver. On my last trip He patiently waited for us until all procedures at the airport were completed. Polite and competent, and last but not least, we forgot one of our phones in the taxi. Five minutes after contacting him - our phone was today at the hotel to be returned to us, for which we once again thank him very much.
Read More
786elsje
30 June 2024
Top transfer! highly recommended! • Would like to let you know that I had a top driver, he was already waiting for me at the exit of the airport with a neat nameplate. visible but very discreet. very nice and well-groomed car. With sweets! The man could also speak some English but I alternated with Italian. Dropped me off at the right place. In short, highly recommended!
Read More
Lily
September 29, 2024
Both journeys ran very smoothly • Transport arrived on time for both our outgoing and return journey. The vehicle was clean and comfortable and the driver was friendly. I needed to change my pick up time the day before, this was easy to do and the company accommodated this.
Read More
Adrian
September 26, 2024
Driver Nuno was great! • Our driver Nuno was amazing. He was proactive with communication, kind and made sure we were comfortable. He gave us a lovely little history of the area on our drive.
Read More
Stephen Gray
September 11, 2024
Amazing stress free service… • Booked last minute for pick up from Devin castle to BTS Airport in Bratislava, Andrei our driver contacted me with details on the best place for a collection point the night before, he texted again next morning to ensure we were still ok, then when he was at the pick up point. His car was spotless clean with nice air conditioning to cool us down, and got us to the airport stress free. Amazing service again
Read More
Clive Golding
September 19, 2024
Highly Recommended • Great communication, good value, car was comfortable, quiet and clean. My flight landed early and they were already at the airport. Highly recommended.
Read More
Gonzalo S.
September 29, 2024
Very safe drive from Charleroi to Brussels. Comfortable and clean vehicle.
Read More
Helen Barker
September 04, 2024
Will use again. • Very easy to book, with option to request language of driver, which is helpful. Used twice in the same trip, both drivers on time and very polite, friendly and helpful. Good, clear communication from email and WhatsApp . Will use again.
Read More
Saurabh Malhotra
September 17, 2024
Very Responsible and easy to go Company • The customer care is easy to reach and cooperative. The driver they sent was professional, humble and an awesome guy..!!
Read More
OlleOll
September 06, 2024
Great service • Great service, convenient ride, spacious car, nice talking to and willing to share from his knowledge about the neighbourhoods we were passing by. Thanks Mr Artur
Read More
Maria Stevens
August 18, 2024
Great communication and fair price • Easy service to book online. Very reasonable price. We used a van to transport 7 people. Our driver arrived early and gave us notice he had arrived. A very smooth and comfortable ride to the airport. I would recommend.
Read More
Check out our other destinations
Get around any country easily and efficiently with AtoB. Your comfort is always our priority
0
What’s New at AtoB?
Read up on our latest material!
From travel blogs, guides and top tips, our blog is your go-to place to enhance your next trip!
How to Get
How to get to Haifa from Ben Gurion Airport
If you are in Haifa, which has its own airport, yet need to get to Ben Gurion, then rejoice, as AtoB has all the answers to your transport-related questions.
Learn more
How to Get
How to get to Jerusalem from Ben Gurion Airport
As you will likely be doing a lot of walking once you reach the city, taking a convenient transportation option is a relaxing way to start your trip.
Learn more
Travel Guide
Israel Travel Guide
Fun Fact: The world’s highest concentration of museums per capita is in Israel.
Learn more
How to Get
How to get to Ben Gurion Airport to Tel Aviv
In the following article, we will go over all the available transportation methods you have when visiting, from which you can decide which one best suits your travel needs and specifications. What’s even better, by following this guide, you’ll likely save a few shekels along the way as well! Alright, let’s go!
Learn more
Questions And Answers
Where is Haifa International Airport located?
The airport is located 5 kilometres to the north-east of the city centre. We estimate that, by car, your journey should take around 10 to 15 minutes, depending on traffic conditions.
How to Stay Safe with Haifa Airport Transfers?
Our service is 100% safe and secure. By keeping in contact with your driver, you will be able to easily locate them at the airport, thus making sure you get into the correct vehicle.
Does AtoB offer a Private Airport Shuttle to Haifa?
Yes, of course you can. AtoB only offers private Haifa airport taxi rides, this means that you will never be asked to share your ride with other passengers.
Can I Include a Baby Seat with AtoB’s Haifa Airport Taxis?
Yes, we offer you the option to include child seats during booking. Your driver will have them installed prior to picking you up.