SOURCE_URL: https://mepanui.com/haifa-taxis/
--------------------------------------------------
Haifa taxis - Dispatch 24 hours a day - MePanui - Taxis In Israel
Haifa Taxis
Call 24/7: 072-3926112
:Our services
Dispatch 24 hours a day
Phone order taxis in Haifa
Wide spread, quick arrival
Modern taxis, courteous drivers
Language speaking drivers
Work with institutions and companies
Cheap prices, immediate availability
Travel and deliveries to the whole country
We accept credit cards
:Haifa taxi, code of conduct
Traveling by taxi
: a taxi driver is obliged to carry out the journey according to the customer's request to any destination he chooses, including the passenger's luggage.
Picking up additional passengers on the way
: on a special trip, the driver is obliged to drive the shortest way to the destination, of course, taking into account the road loads and in accordance with the instructions of the road workers.
Changing the route address
: a taxi passenger can change the destination address while traveling.
Meter operation
: every time you travel within the city, the driver must activate the meter. For intercity trips, you can use the price list of the Ministry of Transportation.
Trip pricing
: It is forbidden to charge a fee beyond the price list of the Ministry of Transport, which is updated from time to time, the price that appears on the meter at the end of the trip is the determining factor.
Details of the taxi owner
: must be displayed clearly inside the vehicle also in the English language.
Taxi driver etiquette
: The driver must be courteous, patient and business-like in his dealings with the customer.
Of course, he must drive safely and in accordance with the road conditions in a way that ensures the safety of the passenger and allows him to reach the desired destination quickly and safely.
Providing help to the taxi passenger
: the driver has the duty to help the passenger both in the misstep and in getting in and out of the vehicle.
The permitted number of passengers
: In addition to the permitted number of passengers in the vehicle license, a taxi driver can also transport two small children under the age of five in the back seat of the vehicle only.
Playing music
: according to the customer's request, the driver will lower and raise the volume according to the passenger's request, and all this only if it does not interfere with the driver's work in a safe manner.
Smoking cigarettes in a taxi
: the driver has the option to decide whether it is possible to smoke in the taxi or not, according to the law the taxi driver can only smoke in the vehicle if he is alone.
Order and cleanliness
: The taxi driver must arrive at the address when the vehicle is tidy and clean.
The appearance of the driver
: it is mandatory for the taxi driver to dress in a respectable and clean manner.
Conversations
: The driver will not talk to the passenger if this is necessary to perform his job.
Advertising with us
Get more trips and inquiries for your business.
In order for us to add you to our database, you must fill out the registration form.
Fill in the details carefully as you want them to appear on our website.
After sending the form, it will be sent to us for review and approval.
Registration form  >>
MePanui - taxis stations in Haifa
Wishing our customers a pleasant and safe journey.
Get in touch
, we'd love to hear from you surfers and receive feedback
Wishing you a pleasant and safe trip!
MePanui – taxis 🙂
חיפושים אחרונים
מוניות אילת
מוניות ירושלים
מוניות אשדוד
מי פנוי? מוניות
מוניות פסגת זאב ירושלים
מוניות פרדס חנה כרכור
מוניות קרית אונו
מוניות רמת אביב
מוניות אור יהודה
מוניות פתח תקווה
תפריט נגישות
close
פתיחה וסגירה של תפריט הנגישות
keyboard
ניווט מקלדת
visibility_off
ביטול אנימציות / הבהובים
nights_stay
Contrast
format_size
הגדלת טקסט
text_fields
הקטנת טקסט
font_download
גופן קריא
title
סימון כותרות
link
סימון קישורים ולחצנים
מופעל ב
favorite
אהבה
ע״י
עמית מורנו
מונית גדולה / הסעות
מונית לשדה התעופה