SOURCE_URL: https://uhaifa.org/transportation-services/#:~:text=Sherut%20service%20to%20Ben%20Gurion,%2C%2004%2D822%2D2213.
--------------------------------------------------
Transportation Services - University Of Haifa
Transportation Services
Prepare for your Trip
Visa Information
University Housing
Health & Safety
Support Services
Transportation Services
Experience Haifa
Transportation Services
Situated on the crest of Mount Carmel, UHaifa’s breathtaking campus spreads along the Carmel Mountain ridge southeast the city of Haifa, and surrounded by the Carmel National Park. The campus is easily accessible by versatile means of public transportation, including a unique cable car and numerous bus routes around the city with direct lines to and from all central inter-city bus and train stations in Haifa.
“Rav Kav” (Multi-Line) Card
Riding public transportation (bus/train/Metronit/Carmelit) requires a Rav Kav (Multi-Line) transportation card, which is used by pre-charging it with money in the station and then paying with it on the vehicle. Traveling with Rav-Kav allows you to transition from the bus or the Metronit to the Carmelit at no additional charge within 90 minutes.
The card can be purchased at ‘Hof HaCarmel’ Central Bus Station, with discounts for students and semester/academic year packages for transportation both in and out of Haifa.
To apply for Studying Approval for Rav Kav discount, please contact Ms. Revital Cohen by E-mail:
rcohenkik@staff.haifa.ac.il
, stating your full name, passport number, study program and study dates.
When purchasing the card, please bring your passport, student ID card, and a letter from the UHaifa International Office stating that you are a UHaifa student.
For further information:
http://www.egged.co.il/Article-786-Rav-Kav-Card.aspx
“Moovit” App
We recommend you download Moovit App to your phone to access schedules, times, routes and pay for all modes of public transportation.
Transportation to Campus
The University of Haifa is accessed by several local bus routes:
Bus Number Route
24 Horev, Romema, Hadar, Bat Galim
30 Horev, Mercaz Hacarmel , Carmel Zarfati
36 Mercaz Ziv, Hadar
37 Horev, Mercaz HaCarmel, Hadar, Bat Galim
46 Horev, Haifa Mall, Bus and Train Stations, Beach
141 Mercaz Ziv, Mifratz Bus Station
143 Nesher, Mifratz Bus Station
146 Nesher, Mifratz Bus Station
146 Horev, Hof HaCarmel Bus Station
For further information: Egged Bus Company
Taxis
Taxis available on campus include both private taxis and Sherut (shared) Taxis which travel from the University along the #37 and #141 bus routes.
“Rachbalit” – Cable Car
Launched in 2022, the “Rachbalit” cable car connects UHaifa with the Technion and the Lev-Hamifratz central train/bus station. Covering a total distance of 4.4 kilometers with an elevation gain of 460 meters, and has become a major city tourist attraction and fascinating means of public transportation for students. It is situated on campus next to the Haifa Gate entrance.
“Metronit”
The “Metronit” is a bus rapid transit system in Haifa with routes in Haifa and the Krayot (suburbs). It has 3 Lines: 1(Red Line), 2 (Blue Line), 3 (Green Line). It can be accessed only with a pre-charged charged “Rav Kav” card.  For further information:
http://www.dannorth.co.il/?lang=en
“Carmelit”
The Carmelit is an underground funicular railway. It moves from Carmel Center, through Hadar, to downtown Haifa.
For further information:
http://www.carmelithaifa.com
Trains
There are three main railway stations in Haifa:
Hof HaCarmel Central Bus Station near the beach at the southern entrance of Haifa
Bat-Galim located by the old bus station
Mercaz HaShmona located downtown
For further information and schedules,
visit www.israrail.org.il
Train service also includes direct ride to Ben-Gurion Airport (Terminal 3).
See Transportation to Campus to determine how to get to the train stations from the University.
Taxis
You can call for a taxi to the University (referred to as ‘special’). City taxi services include:
‘Carmel’ – Carmel Center, Tel: 04-838-2626, 04-838-2727
‘Naveh’ – Neve Sa’anan, Tel: 04-822-2222
‘Horev’ – Tel: 04-888-8888
Gett Taxi App
Note: It is not customary to tip taxi drivers in Israel.
Shared Taxi (Sherut)
Sherut taxis are mini-vans that run along major bus routes in Haifa with a sign on the windshield with the number of the bus route that it follows, which can be stopped along the way (not necessarily at a bus stop). These are slightly cheaper and faster than a regular bus.
Sherut service to Ben Gurion Airport (fixed price):
‘Amal’- 6 Hechalutz St., Hadar, Tel: 04-866-2324. Reservations must be made by phone in advance.Payment can be made by cash or credit card.
Nissim Cabs:
Tel: 04-822-2214, 04-822-2213.
Sherut to other cities: Sherut services to Tel Aviv leave regularly, including Saturdays, from Hechalutz St. in Hadar , via Amal.
Sherut taxis to Acco, Nahariya, Carmiel, and Tiberias exit from Sidon Street off Neviim Street in Hadar.
Estimated Driving Distances:
Israel is a small country, where most places in Israel are a short distance away. Here are a few estimated driving distances between Haifa and major points in Israel:
Tel Aviv: 1 hour
Jerusalem: 2 hours
Ben Gurion Airport: 1.5 hours
We use essential cookies for this site to function, and— with your consent—additional cookies to improve your experience, analyze usage, and show personalized ads. For details, see the ‘Non-Personal Data We Collect’ section of our Privacy Policy.
Confirm
Privacy policy